HIP 29: M-of-N Multisig (#154)
helium/HIP: 0029-multisig-addresses.md

> # HIP 29: Multisig transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HIP 29: Multi-signature Keys
```

Also update the filename?

- Author(s): @xandkar, Helium Team; @Vagabond, Helium Team.
- Start Date: 2021-04-19
- Category: economic, technical
- Original HIP PR:
- Tracking Issue:

# Summary
[summary]: #summary

> Add  a new type of public key and a new type of signature, which are composites
> of the scalar public keys and signatures combined with a specification for the
> minimal subset of signatures required to make a transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helium Hotspot owners and HNT holders have different ways to organize
assets. This HIP proposes a multi-signature key whihch can be used to
authorize a transaction on the Helium blockchain. This key is a composite
of the scalar keys which can be combined to generate a minimal subset of 
signatures required to make a valid transaction.
```
